Hello, welcome to this lesson on deployment.
I'm Suzanne Kumacho.
I teach deep learning concepts here at Udacity.
Today I'm happy to have with me a deployment expert, Dan Lubanga.
Could you tell us a bit about what you do Dan?
Yes, and thank you Suzanne.
I lead Amazon AI Business Development efforts for machine learning services.
On a day-to-day basis,
I work with our customers from startups to large enterprises to ensure
that they do successfully build and deploy
their machine learning models on Amazon SageMaker.
So far we've been talking a lot about machine learning models,
and in this lesson,
we'll talk about deploying trained models using cloud services like Amazon SageMaker.
I'll talk about the capabilities of SageMaker and
Suzanne will lead you through practical code implementations.
Getting comfortable with deployment as with anything,
is really all about practice.
So we'll give you some insights into how to use SageMaker and it's built-in tools,
and challenge you to solve a variety of tasks along the way. Let's get started.